[REIN]
After a fiery introduction,
Tania joined our party.
As for the first job
we accepted as a trio...
[SLIME CREATURE 4A squeaks]
[TANIA]
Keep looking.
Only one over here.
[REIN grunts]
[REIN]
...we're hunting for slimes.
[REIN] Slimes are your
most basic F-rank monsters
that anyone can handle.
So most adventurers ignore 'em,
which is a problem.
Because when left alone,
they'll turn into a swarm.
And then, you're
likely to find them
ravaging some poor
farmer's fields.
Oh, great, a buncha slimes.
Aww, is little-miss-scaredy-cat
afraid of some baby blobs?
No way! You know I
could shred every slime
in the world if
I really wanted to.
It's just...
[KANADE shouts]
[whines]
[KANADE]
After I pop 'em,
I get all sticky and gross.
They're so jiggly and
wiggly and I hate it.
That's what happens
when you get too
up-close-and-personal!
So, now you know why I melt 'em
with my flames from a
splatter-free distance.
Let me take care of these guys.
Are you fur real? I have
nothing to fear with you around!
Indeed! C'mon, don't stop.
Keep the kudos coming!
[KANADE] Tania's on fire!
Tania's the best!
[REIN]
Look at them.
I wasn't sure they'd
actually get along at first,
but I think we're in the clear!
[REIN]
Let's see...
Been prowling around,
but no sign of 'em.
I never thought
a swarm of slimes
would be this difficult to find.
Oh, well. Time to fly.
You fly?
[KANADE] Is this bird
gonna scout for us, or what?
Nah. With the two of you here,
I feel safe enough
to try assimilating.
Huh?
[REIN grunts]
Hey, are you all right?
[KANADE]
Speak to me!
He collapsed like a puppet
whose strings were cut!
[TANIA]
What happened to him?
Yoo-hoo! Guys,
I'm right over here!
[KANADE, TANIA gasp]
He's a bird! Are you kitten me?
No, it's not as simple as that.
I moved a small portion of
my soul and consciousness,
into our bird friend.
Which means I can use his body
to move around and stuff.
To do this, I've used the beast
tamer's skill "assimilate,"
and to communicate with you,
I'm using magic to
send out thought waves.
Magic.
If you can use magic,
is there anything you can't do?
It seems im-paw-sible.
Yeah. You've got such
a wide range of abilities.
I thought most beast
tamers could pull this off.
[TANIA, KANADE]
Well, you're freakin' wrong!
[REIN] Right, those slimes
aren't gonna find themselves!
Keep an eye on my body
while I'm gone, will ya?
That boy, he's somethin' else.
You're not kitten.
You went searching for
slimes, and you found 'em.
So many, my blood went cold.
Well, let's take 'em meowt!
[TANIA]
Hang on a sec.
Rein, what other spells
are you able to cast?
Um, just some beginner
stuff like heal and fireball.
Tried to learn more
a long time ago,
but those were the only
spells I could handle.
Is that so? Let's see.
I want you to use the fireball
spell on that swarm of slimes.
Huh? I don't think
my fireball will do much.
They'll only fry if you try!
Fine, I'll give it a shot!
Just stop pushing me--
I'm gonna fall into 'em!
[REIN]
Hmm.
[REIN] Focus, conjure it
in the palm of your hand.
You've gotta form
the magic circle.
And then...
...let 'er rip!
Fireball!
No way. What just happened?
They couldn't have
fought back if they tried.
S'what I thought.
After you formed
a contract with Kanade,
your physical
abilities were boosted
to be more like a cat spirit.
[REIN]
Right.
[TANIA] It stands to
reason that your bond with me
would do something similar,
but with magic instead.
Like my fireballs
and fire breath.
Both of those are
fueled by magic power.
Magical capabilities
of the dragonoids
are the second most powerful
of all ultimate species.
And because of our contract,
that power now lives in you!
Your magic? In me?
Please slow down.
This is all so confusing!
[KANADE grunts]
We've got more slimes!
[TANIA] Good timing--
we can use 'em to practice!
Compared to physical abilities,
magic is harder to use.
You still don't feel confident
controlling it, right?
[REIN]
Uh, I guess not.
[TANIA]
I know it might be difficult,
but give it your best shot!
You're our master, remember?
Show us your inner fire!
[REIN gasps]
[REIN]
She's right.
As their master, I wouldn't
want to be an embarrassment
to my ultimate species friends.
I wanna be better!
Tania! I want you to
show me how to use magic!
You better be ready, 'cause
I'm a real strict teacher!
I believe in mew!
You've got this!
[REIN]
Tania wasn't messin' around.
Fireball!
You call that a fireball?!
You've got the
focus of a goldfish
and the posture of a sloth!
That's it! Eye on
the prize, fire it up!
Right, uh, fireball!
[REIN]
Yeah, she was a little harsh,
but she did successfully push me
to become a better magic user.
[KID 1A]
Hey, cat lady!
What are you doing?
We finished our job, so we
came back to tell the guild!
Uh? And it's the dragon lady!
What did you fight today?
Some slimes.
Oh! My mom told me
they're nothing but pests
and eat all the
farmers' vegetables.
Lucky fur you, the slimes
are all gone now.
So you can eat all your veggies!
[KID 1A] Aw. But I think
meat tastes a lot better.
I do, too!
Me, too!
[KID 1A]
No way! We're the same!
[door opens]
[BOTH]
Huh?
I'm back!
Who's hungry? We got
a pretty nice reward!
[KANADE]
Mm!
[REIN] People are
more accepting of Tania
if we tell them
she's just eccentric
and likes to wear
a dragonoid costume.
She still comes close
to revealing herself
every once in a while,
but I think we'll
be okay for now.
[REIN gasps]
[REIN] I guess ultimate species
have ultimate appetites.
[TANIA, KANADE]
Thanks for the meal!
[KANADE grunts]
I'm so stuffed!
[TANIA] Who knew the food
in the city was so delicious?
You both did a
wonderful job today.
Thanks, but it was you who found
and incinerated all those
slimes in the forest.
I was only able to because you
taught me how to use magic.
So I owe you, big time.
Yeah, well, you don't
owe me anything,
'cause that's just what
friends do for each other.
[REIN grunts, chuckles]
You're right.
So, hey, where did you learn
your beast tamer skills, anyway?
[KANADE] I'd be lion if I
said I wasn't curious, too!
Uh, it's not a particularly
interesting story.
Oh, come on. Just tell us!
Don't act like the
cat's got your tongue.
All right.
I started my journey
as a beast tamer
in the village where I grew up.
It was a wonderful place
full of others like me.
As you probably guessed, my
parents were beast tamers, too!
Honestly, I can't
remember a time
when I wasn't learning
how to hone my craft.
I even learned related skills
like insect taming from
a friend of the family.
[KANADE gasps]
It may have been a small
village without a name,
but it was a good place.
Uh, "was"?
Yeah, that's right.
My hometown no longer exists.
[TANIA]
Oh.
Aw. Poor guy.
I didn't mean to make you talk
about something that is so
painful. I apologize.
It's fine. I get it.
Listen. It probably
sounds like an excuse,
but I wasn't trying to be nice.
You're my friend, Rein.
I wanted to get to know you a
little better, so forgive meow.
I feel the same as she does.
I really wanna learn
more about you, ya know?
But if it's painful,
you don't have to say anymore!
Yeah! We would never
wanna hurt your felines.
[REIN]
Of course.
I totally understand wanting
to know more about your friends.
That's how you make
your bonds even stronger.
There's no reason
to feel bad about it.
I don't mind sharing.
So is now a good time?
Yes!
Yeah!
[REIN] Everything changed
when I was 12 years old.
My parents were too
busy to stay that day.
They weren't able
to watch me train
like they usually did.
So I spent the whole day on
the outskirts of the village
practicing by myself.
[REIN]
I trained until sunset,
and when night fell,
I could finally see it.
[REIN]
Uh...
[REIN] It should have been dark,
but a red glow lit up the sky.
I raced to the village
as fast as I could.
I knew something
was terribly wrong.
[REIN]
But...
...by the time I arrived,
it was already too late.
[REIN] Monsters had burned
our village to the ground,
and I was the only
one who survived.
[REIN] Some adventurers
who'd rushed over to help
when they saw the smoke
found me and took me with them.
[REIN] They were kind enough
to bring me to an inn
run by a friend of theirs.
I had to hustle to
earn my keep, though.
[REIN] It took everything
in me to simply exist,
and that was my life
for many, many years.
Until about six months ago.
[REIN] That's when
I met Arios and his party.
[TANIA]
Arios?
The hero.
He happened to be on
the hunt for new members,
so he invited me
to join up with them.
I agreed without
hesitation, of course.
I thought if I was
a member of the hero's party,
I could make a difference.
And maybe I could prevent
another village like mine
from suffering the same fate.
Sadly, no such luck.
[REIN]
In the end,
I think Arios just wanted
to use me for his own gain.
[TANIA, KANADE grunt]
I'm sorry if that story
got a little dark.
I can't help
feeling like a loser.
Uh?
[REIN]
What is it?
You know, Rein,
I've been wondering
about something for a while.
When we took down an
entire group of bandits,
then went claw to toe
with those King Lizards,
and even back when
you first saved me,
I couldn't help but think,
"Why's he doing this?"
Just rush headfirst
into danger like that?
Where did this
lion-hearted nature
and instinctive will
to help others come from?
But now, I finally understand!
[REIN gasps]
[KANADE]
You're a genuinely good soul,
and you really wanna help people
because you would
do almost anything
to keep someone else
from experiencing
the same sadness or loss.
For what it's worth,
you'd never be a loser to me!
Thank you.
You're too kind
for your own good.
Plus, you are always weirdly
humble and self-deprecating.
More than anybody
I have ever known.
But I guess that's
not a bad thing.
Look, what I'm trying to say is
if I'm gonna call
anybody "master,"
I'm just glad it's you.
Yeah! You're the
real deal, Rein.
[REIN gasps]
[REIN]
They see me for who I am.
The hero's party wanted me
to be somebody I wasn't.
[REIN]
You guys...
[TANIA]
I'm not done!
Who does that hero's
party think they are?!
You did all the heavy lifting,
and those numbskulls have
the nerve to call you useless?!
[yells] It just burns me up!
I bet they're struggling
to find their own butts
without you by their side!
If I get my paws
on those jerks...
I appreciate you getting
mad on my behalf,
but I'm over it now!
Oh, not everything is
about you, Mister Tamer!
What they did is just so cruel.
See? There's a nice
lady hiding in there!
Shut up, will ya?
[KANADE laughs]
Someone's blushing!
[TANIA] No, I'm not!
It's really hot out here!
[ALL laugh]
[REIN] I'd love it if it
stayed just the three of us.
Hey, do you wanna
see which one of us
can pulverize the
most orcs into kibble?
I think only a fool
would challenge me,
but since I can respect a girl
who's not afraid to
play with fire, let's go!
Time to turn up the heat!
[ORCS groan]
[KANADE]
Huh...
Well? How's that?
[REIN] Our current job
requires us to slay orcs.
They're E-rank monsters,
though they aren't much stronger
than the F-rank goblins.
[REIN] One big difference:
the orcs are smarter,
and they tend to
fight with weapons.
[ORC 4G groans]
Well, if that's all it takes,
we'll burn through these
things in no time, huh?
[KANADE]
Mm-mm!
I wouldn't let your
guard down just yet.
We're still new to this
whole adventuring thing,
and even against orcs,
the unexpected
can always happen--
[TANIA]
Not to worry!
I, Tania of the dragonoids,
would never be defeated
by a measly band of orcs!
This way, let's go!
[KANADE]
Wait for me!
I hope you know
what you're doing.
[ORC 4H grunting]
[KANADE shouts]
[KANADE grunts]
Tania! He got away!
I'll fry him up!
[ORC 4I grunts]
[TANIA grunts]
[chuckles] Orcs over easy!
Hm?
What the--?
How did we miss this guy?
Hey! What the hell do
you think you're doing?
Hands off of me!
[TANIA grunting]
[ORC 4J roars]
[TANIA shouts]
[panting]
[KANADE]
Tania, behind you!
[ORC 4K snarls]
No, Master!
Eat paw, jerk!
[ORC 4K groans]
O-Oh, no! You're bleeding!
Don't worry about it. I told
you, I could use healing magic,
and I have a boost
from our contract.
Heal!
See? Good as new!
Everything's fine; no need
to look so worried, Tania!
But it's my fault you got hurt!
Are you really feeling okay?
That looked bad.
I'm fine. I appreciate you two!
Let's gather these runes
and get back to the guild.
[KANADE]
Roger!
You take a break, and I can
pick these up in a jiffy!
[REIN]
I told you, I'm fine!
[TANIA gasps]
That took a while.
Oh, hey. Where's Tania?
Uh. She was hanging
around fur a little while.
But she did seem kinda down.
You know...
...I get the feeling
she wants to be left alone.
[sighs]
What was I thinking?
Really...
[KID 1A]
Hey! It's the dragon lady again!
Well, what kinda cool stuff
did you go and beat up today?
I wouldn't say I
beat up anything today.
Aw, really?
Really.
Are you hurt? You can tell me.
Huh?
'Cause, if you are hurt, you
gotta say something, all right?
At least, that is what
my mom always says!
Well, your mom's very wise.
Yeah, except for when she tells
me to eat all my vegetables.
I do appreciate you
checking up on me,
but I'm fine, I promise.
Oh, all right! See ya next time!
Just like Rein. He was
worried about me, too.
But I refused to listen.
As an ultimate species,
I allowed myself
to be too cocky,
and didn't pay enough attention.
[TANIA]
I'm so embarrassed.
How can I ever show
him my face again--
[REIN]
Tania!
Huh?
Oh, hey!
What's going on?
Uh, well, see,
the thing is... I just...
I'm sorry about before.
[REIN]
Huh?
And of course, you even
tried to warn me,
but I let my guard down and
you got hurt in the process.
I know you were able to
heal yourself this time,
but what if something
worse had happened?
So, please...
I'm begging you--
Is that why you're
out here moping?
[gasps] Why aren't you
more upset with me?
[chuckles] I think you are
plenty upset for the both of us.
Just be more careful
next time, all right?
I'm just glad you're safe.
[gasps]
Kanade was worried, you know?
[KANADE]
Oh. Tania!
Are you all right?
Yeah, of course I am, silly.
You are? Thank goodness!
[TANIA grunts]
Has another room opened up yet?
[INNKEEPER 3A]
Not yet, I'm afraid.
[REIN]
Please, I'm begging you.
I'll take a broom
closet at this point!
[TANIA] He didn't get on
to me for my arrogance.
I'd be a lot better
with that room!
[TANIA]
He didn't get angry, either.
He was just happy
knowing I was safe.
[TANIA]
He's fascinating.
He insists that we use
the beds instead of him.
It can't be comfortable
down there.
He's too kind for his own good.
[REIN]
I'm just glad you're safe.
[TANIA]
What is this?
I feel warmth rushing
over my heart.
Why can't I stop
thinking about Rein?
[TANIA gasps]
[TANIA] What are these thoughts
swirling around my head?
[TANIA] It's almost like
my feelings for Rein,
they're a little more than...
Fishy. Fishy.
[TANIA gasps]
No way!
It's not true.
Take a breath.
We're just friends, that's it.
No, we're nothing more than a
couple of normal companions.
Yeah, you can't win me over.
Not that easy, anyway.
And be careful not to
kick off your covers.
Hmph.
[TANIA chuckles]
[TANIA]
Good night, sweet Rein.
[KANADE hums]
[KANADE]
♪ More reward, more food... ♪
Now that's a catchy tune.
[KANADE chuckles]
It's the "successful job" song!
Right now, these
jobs are pretty easy,
but they won't
always be. You know?
Maybe you should
buy some new gear.
Huh?
As ultimate species,
we don't rely on our
equipment to survive,
but as a human,
you're still gonna need it.
Good point.
I might do some shopping
when we get back to town.
[TANIA]
I like that idea!
[KANADE]
And food, right?
[REIN]
Yeah, and food.
[KANADE]
Yes! You're the cat's meow!
Who, me?
[REIN gasps]
[KANADE]
Uh? Rein?
Uh?
[TANIA grunts]
[ARIOS]
Well...
[REIN gasps]
[ARIOS]
Hello, Rein, it's been too long.
[KANADE] Next Time:
"Beast Tamer VS Hero."